itemlist.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: ToolkitUtils' Item List
nav_order: 7
permalink: /itemlist
---

# Utils' Item List

As Utils grew in complexity, the mod ended up outgrowing the default Twitch Toolkit item list. As a result,
the mod comes with its own item list that supports all the latest features within ToolkitUtils. In fact,
it's mostly usable if you ever wanted to use it as a standard Twitch Toolkit item list too. In any case,
the new list properly reflects the different types of events within the mod, like traits having their own
dedicated pricing page. Below are a list of steps required to setup a custom item list for your stream.
While these steps try to walk you through each step in the process, there may be some gaps. Any and all
questions should be asked on the [Discord](https://discord.gg/ZPmkGnbfba).

<details open markdown="block">
  <summary>
    Table of contents
  </summary>
  {: .text-delta }
1. TOC
{:toc}
</details>

## Prerequisites

In order to setup your item list, you'll need a [Github](https://github.com/) account. If you already have
an account, you can continue onto the next step. If you don't you can sign up for Github
[here](https://github.com/signup).

## Forking the Item List

The first step in this process is forking the [item list](https://github.com/sirrandoo/itemlist) on Github.
![Fork the item list on Github]({{- "/assets/itemlist/fork.png" | relative_url -}})

## Configuring the Url

Once Github is finished forking your item list, you can navigate to the repository's settings page.
![The repository settings tab]({{- "/assets/itemlist/settings.png" | relative_url -}})

From the settings page, you can rename your repository by changing the text in `Repository name`, then
clicking `Rename`.
![Repository name field]({{- "/assets/itemlist/rename.png" | relative_url -}})

If you've never used Github before or otherwise don't have an existing repository named
`YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME.github.io`, you can rename your item list that instead of 
`YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME.github.io/REPOSITORY_NAME`.

## Verifying the Site Source

Next we'll be ensuring the item list is pulling the right files for the site. In order to do that, we'll
need to navigate to the `Pages` section in the list of pages on the left.
![Pages settings in list]({{- "/assets/itemlist/pages_settings.png" | relative_url -}})

Once we're in the pages settings, we can then look at the `Source` setting to ensure it's pulling from the
`main` branch.

![Ensure the main branch is set]({{- "/assets/itemlist/page_source.png" | relative_url -}})

The item list provides its own theme. You do not need to change it in the theme settings, and changing it
may not have any meaningful effect.
{: .note}

## Using a Custom Domain

In the Pages settings, you can scroll farther down to the `Custom domain` settings. In this field you can
provide a custom domain to use instead of the `github.io` one from above. If you don't have a custom
domain, you can simply skip to the next step.
![Setting a custom domain]({{- "/assets/itemlist/custom_domain.png" | relative_url -}})

## Configuring Your Item List

Now that you're done tinkering with the Github settings for your item list, you can move on changing the
settings within your item list. To do this, you'll first need to return back to the "repository" view
that you were first greeted with. You can do this by clicking the `Code` button in the ribbon at the top.
![Return to code view]({{- "/assets/itemlist/code_view.png" | relative_url -}})

Within this view, you then need to click on the `_config.yml` file. You should be on a page that looks like
this:
![Config file contents]({{- "/assets/itemlist/config_file.png" | relative_url -}})

Here, you can change the following fields:

|--------|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Line # | Type    | Description                                                             |
|-------:|:--------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 2      | string  | The title of the item list as it appears in your browser's tab.         |
|--------+---------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 4      | string  | The description of the item list as it appears in search engines.       |
|--------+---------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 7      | string  | The subpath of your site. If you've renamed your site to `YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME.github.io`, you should change this field to `''`, else this should be a url friendly version of what you named your repository. |
|--------+---------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 8      | string  | The url of your site. If you used a custom domain, this should be that. |
|--------+---------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 9      | string  | Your Twitter username.                                                  |
|--------+---------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 10     | string  | Your Github username.                                                   |
|--------+---------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 13-50  | boolean | Changes various aspects of the store page. The comments above the settings themselves describe what they do. |
|--------+---------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 54-58  | boolean | Changes various aspects of the commands page. The comments above the settings themselves describe what they do. |
|--------+---------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 62-64  | boolean | Changes various aspects of the mods page. The comments above the settings themselves describe what they do. |
|--------+---------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Personalizing Your Item List

Next we'll be personalizing your item list. To do this, we'll need to navigate to the `_data` directory.
![Navigate to _data directory]({{- "/assets/itemlist/data_directory.png" | relative_url -}})

### Adding Social Icons

From the `_data` directory, we'll navigate to the `social.yml` file.
![Navigate to the social file]({{- "/assets/itemlist/social_file.png" | relative_url -}})

Everything in this file can be changed to your username on the given platform, with the exception being
the bottom couple of settings. The bottom settings, while not used in the item list, must be either
`true` or `false`.

### Translating the Item List

From the `_data` directory, we'll navigate to the `language.yml` file.
![Navigate to the language file]({{- "/assets/itemlist/language_file.png" | relative_url -}})

Everything in this file can be translated to the language your target audience in most comfortable using.

## Uploading Your Toolkit Files

From the `_data` directory, we'll navigate to the various Toolkit files to update their contents. For the
sake of demonstration, we'll use the `StoreItems.json` file throughout these examples.

First you should open the file you want to edit by clicking on it.
![Open file]({{- "/assets/itemlist/items_file.png" | relative_url -}})

Then we'll edit the file by clicking the pencil on the right side of the document viewer.
![Edit file]({{- "/assets/itemlist/edit_file.png" | relative_url -}})

Lastly, we'll commit the changes by scrolling to the bottom of the page, then clicking `Commit changes`.
![Commit changes]({{- "/assets/itemlist/commit_file.png" | relative_url -}})

Commit message:

Added a note to find the files for the item list.

itemlist.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: ToolkitUtils' Item List
nav_order: 7
permalink: /itemlist
---

# Utils' Item List

As Utils grew in complexity, the mod ended up outgrowing the default Twitch Toolkit item list. As a result,
the mod comes with its own item list that supports all the latest features within ToolkitUtils. In fact,
it's mostly usable if you ever wanted to use it as a standard Twitch Toolkit item list too. In any case,
the new list properly reflects the different types of events within the mod, like traits having their own
dedicated pricing page. Below are a list of steps required to setup a custom item list for your stream.
While these steps try to walk you through each step in the process, there may be some gaps. Any and all
questions should be asked on the [Discord](https://discord.gg/ZPmkGnbfba).

<details open markdown="block">
  <summary>
    Table of contents
  </summary>
  {: .text-delta }
1. TOC
{:toc}
</details>

## Prerequisites

In order to setup your item list, you'll need a [Github](https://github.com/) account. If you already have
an account, you can continue onto the next step. If you don't you can sign up for Github
[here](https://github.com/signup).

## Forking the Item List

The first step in this process is forking the [item list](https://github.com/sirrandoo/itemlist) on Github.
![Fork the item list on Github]({{- "/assets/itemlist/fork.png" | relative_url -}})

## Configuring the Url

Once Github is finished forking your item list, you can navigate to the repository's settings page.
![The repository settings tab]({{- "/assets/itemlist/settings.png" | relative_url -}})

From the settings page, you can rename your repository by changing the text in `Repository name`, then
clicking `Rename`.
![Repository name field]({{- "/assets/itemlist/rename.png" | relative_url -}})

If you've never used Github before or otherwise don't have an existing repository named
`YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME.github.io`, you can rename your item list that instead of 
`YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME.github.io/REPOSITORY_NAME`.

## Verifying the Site Source

Next we'll be ensuring the item list is pulling the right files for the site. In order to do that, we'll
need to navigate to the `Pages` section in the list of pages on the left.
![Pages settings in list]({{- "/assets/itemlist/pages_settings.png" | relative_url -}})

Once we're in the pages settings, we can then look at the `Source` setting to ensure it's pulling from the
`main` branch.

![Ensure the main branch is set]({{- "/assets/itemlist/page_source.png" | relative_url -}})

The item list provides its own theme. You do not need to change it in the theme settings, and changing it
may not have any meaningful effect.
{: .note}

## Using a Custom Domain

In the Pages settings, you can scroll farther down to the `Custom domain` settings. In this field you can
provide a custom domain to use instead of the `github.io` one from above. If you don't have a custom
domain, you can simply skip to the next step.
![Setting a custom domain]({{- "/assets/itemlist/custom_domain.png" | relative_url -}})

## Configuring Your Item List

Now that you're done tinkering with the Github settings for your item list, you can move on changing the
settings within your item list. To do this, you'll first need to return back to the "repository" view
that you were first greeted with. You can do this by clicking the `Code` button in the ribbon at the top.
![Return to code view]({{- "/assets/itemlist/code_view.png" | relative_url -}})

Within this view, you then need to click on the `_config.yml` file. You should be on a page that looks like
this:
![Config file contents]({{- "/assets/itemlist/config_file.png" | relative_url -}})

Here, you can change the following fields:

|--------|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Line # | Type    | Description                                                             |
|-------:|:--------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 2      | string  | The title of the item list as it appears in your browser's tab.         |
|--------+---------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 4      | string  | The description of the item list as it appears in search engines.       |
|--------+---------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 7      | string  | The subpath of your site. If you've renamed your site to `YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME.github.io`, you should change this field to `''`, else this should be a url friendly version of what you named your repository. |
|--------+---------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 8      | string  | The url of your site. If you used a custom domain, this should be that. |
|--------+---------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 9      | string  | Your Twitter username.                                                  |
|--------+---------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 10     | string  | Your Github username.                                                   |
|--------+---------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 13-50  | boolean | Changes various aspects of the store page. The comments above the settings themselves describe what they do. |
|--------+---------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 54-58  | boolean | Changes various aspects of the commands page. The comments above the settings themselves describe what they do. |
|--------+---------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 62-64  | boolean | Changes various aspects of the mods page. The comments above the settings themselves describe what they do. |
|--------+---------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Personalizing Your Item List

Next we'll be personalizing your item list. To do this, we'll need to navigate to the `_data` directory.
![Navigate to _data directory]({{- "/assets/itemlist/data_directory.png" | relative_url -}})

### Adding Social Icons

From the `_data` directory, we'll navigate to the `social.yml` file.
![Navigate to the social file]({{- "/assets/itemlist/social_file.png" | relative_url -}})

Everything in this file can be changed to your username on the given platform, with the exception being
the bottom couple of settings. The bottom settings, while not used in the item list, must be either
`true` or `false`.

### Translating the Item List

From the `_data` directory, we'll navigate to the `language.yml` file.
![Navigate to the language file]({{- "/assets/itemlist/language_file.png" | relative_url -}})

Everything in this file can be translated to the language your target audience in most comfortable using.

## Uploading Your Toolkit Files

From the `_data` directory, we'll navigate to the various Toolkit files to update their contents. For the
sake of demonstration, we'll use the `StoreItems.json` file throughout these examples. You can find the
files respective contents in the Twitch Toolkit directory in your game's save data folder. If you're not
sure where your save data folder is, you can find it easily by launching RimWorld, clicking the `Options`
button in the game's main menu, and finally clicking `Save data folder`. Alternatively, the folder can be
found by navigating to the directory below on your respective platform:

- Windows: `%UserProfile%\AppData\LocalLow\Ludeon Studeos\RimWorld by Ludeon Studios\Twitch Toolkit`
- MacOS: `~/Library/Application Support/Ludeon Studios/RimWorld by Ludeon Studios/Twitch Toolkit`
- MacOS: `~/Library/Application Support/RimWorld/Twitch Toolkit`
- Linux: `~/.config/unity3d/Ludeon Studios/RimWorld by Ludeon Studios/Twitch Toolkit`

Next you should open the file you want to edit by clicking on it.
![Open file]({{- "/assets/itemlist/items_file.png" | relative_url -}})

Then we'll edit the file by clicking the pencil on the right side of the document viewer.
![Edit file]({{- "/assets/itemlist/edit_file.png" | relative_url -}})

Lastly, we'll commit the changes by scrolling to the bottom of the page, then clicking `Commit changes`.
![Commit changes]({{- "/assets/itemlist/commit_file.png" | relative_url -}})
